# Date: 08 August 2020

## Question:
Which of the following is true about R square and adjusted R square?
1. R square always increases as more terms are added to the model
2. Adjusted R square is always less than R square
3. Adjusted R square can be negative
4. R square can be negative

## Topic:
R square and Adjusted R square

## Options:
1. All are true
2. None are true
3. Only 2, 3 and 4 are true
4. Only 1 and 2 are true

## Correct Option:
3. Only 2, 3 and 4 are true

## Explanation:
R square measures how successful the fit is in explaining the variation of data. R square may stay the same if the newly added term doesn't add to the explanation. It is possible to get negative R square, when your model is worse than fitting a horizontal line, usually when equations don't contain a constant term. Such situations indicate that a constant term should be added to the model. But in most cases, R square will increase, although the fit may not improve.
Adjusted R square takes into account the number of predictors in the model and increases only if the new term improves the model more than would be expected by chance. Adjusted R square is always less than R square and can be negative, when you have too many predictors and too little observations.
 
## Scripts:
1. Question Script: NULL
2. Answer Script: NULL

## Link:
1. Question Link: 
   1. "https://web.maths.unsw.edu.au/~adelle/Garvan/Assays/GoodnessOfFit.html#:~:text=Note%20that%20it%20is%20possible,then%20R%2Dsquare%20is%20negative."
2. Answer Link: NULL

## Images:
1. Question Images: NULL
2. Answer Images: NULL
