# Date: 11 January 2021

## Question:
You are fitting a logistic regression model, to classify if a student belongs to an honours class or not. You have built the following model, where *Math* is a continous predictor:

$$
logit(p) = \beta_0 + \beta_1*Math
$$

The value of $\beta_1$ was found to be 0.156. Which of the following option is correct?

## Topic:
1. Data Science
2. Logistic Regression

## Options:
1. For a one unit increase in Maths score, the probability of being in honours class increases by 0.156
2. For a one unit increase in Maths score, the log odds of being in honours class increase by 0.156
3. For a one unit increase in Maths score, the odds of being in honours increase by 1.169
4. Both 2 and 3

## Correct Option:
4. Both 2 and 3

## Explanation:
This question gives an insight on how to interpret coefficients of a logistic regression model. At first, the above given model, which is quite common in textbooks, looks a lot similar to a linear regression model, but it's not.

$$
logit(p) = \beta_0 + \beta_1*Math
$$

On the LHS, $logit(p)$ equates to $\frac{log(p)}{log(1-p)}$ where $p$ is the probability of being in honors class. The ratio $\frac{p}{1-p}$ is the odds of being in honours class. The coefficient of maths $(\beta_1)$ can be interpreted as the expected change in log odds of being in honours class for a one unit increase in Maths score. And if we exponentiate, we can see the odds of being in honours class increase by 1.169 for a one unit increase in maths score.

## Scripts:
1. Question Script: NULL
2. Answer Script: NULL

## Link:
1. Question Link: NULL
2. Answer Link: NULL

## Images:
1. Question Images: NULL
2. Answer Images: NULL
