# Date: 14 September 2020

## Question:
At a casino, a board game requires you to first roll a dice. You suspect that the dice is biased towards 6, so you start counting. In a game, the dice is rolled 250 times and 6 comes up 51 times. Is the dice biased towards generating more 6s (assume significance level = 5%)?

## Topic:
1. Data Science
2. Probability and Statistics
3. Binomial Test

## Options:
1. Yes
2. No

## Correct Option:
2. Yes

## Explanation:
If the dice is fair, then we would expect six to come up $250*\frac{1}{6} = 41.667$ times. We have now observed that the number of 6s is higher than what we would expect on average by pure chance had the dice been a fair one. But, is the number significantly high enough for us to conclude anything about the fairness of the dice? This question can be answered by the binomial test. Our null hypothesis would be that the dice is fair (probability of each number coming up on the dice is 1/6).

As we have observed a value greater than the expected value, we could consider the probability of observing 51 6s or higher under the null, which would constitute a one-tailed test (here we are basically testing whether this die is biased towards generating more 6s than expected).

In R, we can perform the binomial test as follows:
``` r
binom.test(x=51, n=250, p=1/6, alternative='greater')
#> 
#>  Exact binomial test
#> 
#> data:  51 and 250
#> number of successes = 51, number of trials = 250, p-value = 0.06966
#> alternative hypothesis: true probability of success is greater than 0.1666667
#> 95 percent confidence interval:
#>  0.1628731 1.0000000
#> sample estimates:
#> probability of success 
#>                  0.204
```

As the $p-value$ is greater than our significance level $(0.06966 > 0.05)$ indicates that we don't have evidence that is significant enough to reject the null hypothesis that the dice is fair.

## Scripts:
1. Question Script: NULL
2. Answer Script: NULL

## Link:
1. Question Link:
   1. "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_test"
2. Answer Link:
   1. "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_test" 

## Images:
1. Question Images: NULL
2. Answer Images:
   1. "../images/answers/a_14092020.png"
